[clang-tidy] Remove deprecated `ClangTidyModuleRegistry.h` (#215055)
llvm/llvm-project: clang-tools-extra/docs/ReleaseNotes.md

### Potentially Breaking Changes

> - In LLVM22, The `clang-tidy/ClangTidyModuleRegistry.h` header was deprecated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In 22nd release, The `clang-tidy/ClangTidyModuleRegistry.h` header was deprecated.
```
WDYT?

Author: I'm fine with either. I see libc++ always uses LLVMXX.
